In this lecture we will learn how to run the code we write in the web browser.
There are a few key points that are important to make sure that we are able to efficiently progress
through the course when working in Visual Studio code.
We will see what each team will file with each team our file extension.
Then we can go to the filing our file explorer and click and drag it into all web browser if done correctly.
You will see the browser display the web page based on the HMO code you wrote.
This is how you run HMO code in the web browser.
The Web site that you see here in the browser is actually the example Web site we will build in the
hands on sections of this course.
Another important concept when running the code rewrite is the location of the images and other associated
files to the HVM Melk code.
Any images that we reference in our each T.M. code has to be either in the same directory as the each
tremelo file or a subdirectory of that directory.
Put simply this means that whatever images we want to use in our HVM will need to be in the same folder
as that file or in another folder that is inside of that folder.
Here are the images that you see in our example Web site.
All of them need to be either in the same folder as very [REMOVED] file or in a subfolder meaning a folder
inside of this folder.
Finally it is important that you save your code after making changes.
Otherwise when you run your code you won't see the changes that you made.
One exception to this rule is if you were to enable auto saving which will automatically save the file
after you make any changes without any other action on your part having your I.D. auto save your files
is a very useful feature.
In the last lecture where we learned about customizing the ID we learned how to enable the auto save
feature in Visual Studio code in case you missed it.
Here is the process of enabling the auto save feature again navigate to file preferences settings and
add the following code to the right hand side of the Visual Studio code editor.
It is important that you add the code exactly as you see me typing it here so that the editor understands
the code and properly autosaves your files.
This includes adding a comma first and then the two additional lines of code as you see here.
Remember this code will save your file once per second.
If you ever want to manually save your file you can use the control as keyboard shortcut on Windows
or the command desk keyboard shortcut on Mac in the next lecture.
We will recap what we learned in this section.